Simplify/reorganize Micro Frontend Suport (#9215)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/configuration/micro-frontend-support.mdx

If your frontend includes JavaScript bundles from multiple sources with
different release cycles, you may want to identify these or route events to specific projects. This is especially useful if you've set up [module federation](https://module-federation.github.io/) or a similar frontend architecture.

> ## Automatically route errors to different projects depending on module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Automatically Route Errors to Different Projects Depending on Module
```
title case for headings

If your frontend includes JavaScript bundles from multiple sources with
different release cycles, you may want to identify these or route events to specific projects. This is especially useful if you've set up [module federation](https://module-federation.github.io/) or a similar frontend architecture.

> Below we offer two approaches. Please note that `Sentry.init()` must be called only once, doing otherwise will result in undefined behavior.

Author: done

## Automatically Route Errors to Different Projects Depending on Module

`ModuleMetadata` and `makeMultiplexedTransport` can be used together to automatically route
events to different Sentry projects based on the module where the error
occurred.

<Note>
<ul>
<li>
Requires version `2.5.0` or higher of `@sentry/webpack-plugin` or version
`2.7.0` or higher of `@sentry/rollup-plugin`, `@sentry/vite-plugin` or `@sentry/esbuild-plugin`.
</li>
<li>
Requires SDK version `7.59.0` or higher.
</li>
</ul>
</Note>

First, to identify the source of an error, you must inject metadata that helps identify
which bundles were responsible for the error. You can do this with any of the

> Sentry bundler plugins by enabling the `_experiments.moduleMetadata` option.

Author: added, lmk what you think

If your frontend includes JavaScript bundles from multiple sources with
different release cycles, you may want to identify these or route events to specific projects. This is especially useful if you've set up [module federation](https://module-federation.github.io/) or a similar frontend architecture.

Below we offer two approaches. 

<Note>
In all cases `Sentry.init()` must never be called more than once, doing so will result in undefined behavior.
</Note>

## Automatically Route Errors to Different Projects Depending on Module

`ModuleMetadata` and `makeMultiplexedTransport` can be used together to automatically route
events to different Sentry projects based on the module where the error
occurred.

<Note>
<ul>
<li>
Requires version `2.5.0` or higher of `@sentry/webpack-plugin` or version
`2.7.0` or higher of `@sentry/rollup-plugin`, `@sentry/vite-plugin` or `@sentry/esbuild-plugin`.
</li>
<li>
Requires SDK version `7.59.0` or higher.
</li>
</ul>
</Note>

First, to identify the source of an error, you must inject metadata that helps identify
which bundles were responsible for the error. You can do this with any of the

> Sentry bundler plugins by enabling the `_experiments.moduleMetadata` option. Example
> below is for Webpack, but this is also supported in Vite, Rollup, and esbuild.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry bundler plugins by enabling the `_experiments.moduleMetadata` option. The example
below is for Webpack, but this is also supported in Vite, Rollup, and esbuild.
```

Author: Thanks!

    sentryWebpackPlugin({
      /* Other plugin config */
      _experiments: {
        moduleMetadata: ({ release }) => ({ dsn: "__MODULE_DSN__", release }),
      },
    }),
  ],
};
```

Once metadata has been injected into modules, the `moduleMetadataIntegration` 
can be used to look up that metadata and attach it to stack frames with
matching file names. This metadata is then available in the `beforeSend` callback

> as the `module_metadata` property on each `StackFrame`. This can be used to identify
> which bundles may be responsible for an error and, once the destination is determined,
> store it as a list of DSN-release pairs in `event.extra[MULTIPLEXED_TRANSPORT_EXTRA_KEY]` 
> where multiplexed transport knows to look for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as the `module_metadata` property on each `StackFrame`. This can be used to identify
which bundles may be responsible for an error. Once the destination is determined, you can
store it as a list of DSN-release pairs in `event.extra[MULTIPLEXED_TRANSPORT_EXTRA_KEY]`
for the multiplexed transport to reference for routing.
```

> In practice here is what your Sentry intialization should look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In practice, here is what your Sentry initialization should look like:
```

```javascript
import { init, makeFetchTransport, moduleMetadataIntegration, makeSimpleMultiplexedTransport, MULTIPLEXED_TRANSPORT_EXTRA_KEY } from "@sentry/browser";

init({
  dsn: "__DEFAULT_DSN__",
  integrations: [moduleMetadataIntegration()],
  makeMultiplexedTransport(makeFetchTransport),
  beforeSend: (event) => {
    if (event?.exception?.values?.[0].stacktrace.frames) {
      const frames = event.exception.values[0].stacktrace.frames;

      // Find the last frame with module metadata containing a DSN
      const route_to = frames
        .filter((frame) => frame.module_metadata && frame.module_metadata.dsn)
        .map((v) => v.module_metadata)
        .slice(-1); // using top frame only - you may want to customize this according to your needs

        event.extra = {
          ...event.extra,
          [MULTIPLEXED_TRANSPORT_EXTRA_KEY]: route_to,
        };
    }

    return event;
  },
});
```

> Once this is set up, errors - both handled and unhandled - will be automatically routed to the right project. You don't need to do anything special.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once this is set up, errors - both handled and unhandled - will be automatically routed to the right project.
```

```
Sentry.captureException(new Error("oh no!"));
// or
throw new Error("oops");

> ```

Reviewer: I think we could remove this code sample since it's not really necessary. If you want to keep it, I'd recommend adding a line before to contextualize how users should use it. For example, "You can use add the following to your code to throw an error and double check that it's routed to the right project."

Author: done

> ## Manually route errors to different projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Manually Route Errors to Different Projects
```

> If, however, you would like to have more control over the routing of errors to the point
> where you explicitly specify the destination for each individual `captureException` that is 
> possible as well using the more advanced interface multiplexed transport offers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If, however, you would like to have more control over the routing of errors to the point
where you explicitly specify the destination for each individual `captureException`,
you can do that with the more advanced interface multiplexed transport offers.
```

    sentryWebpackPlugin({
      /* Other plugin config */
      _experiments: {
        moduleMetadata: ({ release }) => ({ dsn: "__MODULE_DSN__", release }),
      },
    }),
  ],
};
```

Once metadata has been injected into modules, the `moduleMetadataIntegration` 
can be used to look up that metadata and attach it to stack frames with
matching file names. This metadata is then available in the `beforeSend` callback
as the `module_metadata` property on each `StackFrame`. This can be used to identify
which bundles may be responsible for an error. Once the destination is determined, you can
store it as a list of DSN-release pairs in `event.extra[MULTIPLEXED_TRANSPORT_EXTRA_KEY]`
for the multiplexed transport to reference for routing.

In practice, here is what your Sentry initialization should look like:

```javascript

> import { init, makeFetchTransport, moduleMetadataIntegration, makeSimpleMultiplexedTransport, MULTIPLEXED_TRANSPORT_EXTRA_KEY } from "@sentry/browser";

Author: sounds good. 
Reverting sample code to original including this change (as it hasn't been tested)

> - [Automatic] remove redundant if (routeTo.length) { check for empty array (done in matcher)

@lforst We should simplify the API sooner than later though. I feel like current sample code looks convoluted to the point of customers thinking "surely there must be an easier/more elegant way to do it, let me see what those other blog posts that showed up in search say"

  dsn: "__FALLBACK_DSN__",
  transport: makeMultiplexedTransport(makeFetchTransport, dsnFromFeature),
});
```

You can then set tags/contexts on events in individual micro-frontends to decide which Sentry project to send the event to as follows:

<Note>

> It is important to always use a local scope when setting the tag (either as shown below or using [withScope](../../enriching-events/scopes/#local-scopes)). Using a global scope e.g. through `Sentry.setTag()` will result in all subsequent events being routed to the same DSN regardless of where they originate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is important to always use a local scope when setting the tag (either as shown below or using <PlatformLink to="/enriching-events/scopes/#local-scopes">withScope documentation</PlatformLink>). Using a global scope e.g. through `Sentry.setTag()` will result in all subsequent events being routed to the same DSN regardless of where they originate.
```
